abandon negative
abandoned negative
abandonment negative
abase negative
abasement negative
abash negative
abate negative
abdicate negative
aberration negative
abhor negative
abhorred negative
abhorrence negative
abhorrent negative
abhorrently negative
abhors negative
abidance positive
abide positive
abilities positive
ability positive
abject negative
abjectly negative
abjure negative
able positive
abnormal negative
abolish negative
abominable negative
abominably negative
abominate negative
abomination negative
abound positive
above positive
above-average positive
abrade negative
abrasive negative
abrupt negative
abscond negative
absence negative
absent-minded negative
absentee negative
absolve positive
absurd negative
absurdity negative
absurdly negative
absurdness negative
abundance positive
abundant positive
abuse negative
abuses negative
abusive negative
abysmal negative
abysmally negative
abyss negative
accede positive
accept positive
acceptable positive
acceptance positive
accessible positive
accidental negative
acclaim positive
acclaimed positive
acclamation positive
accolade positive
accolades positive
accommodative positive
accomplish positive
accomplishment positive
accomplishments positive
accord positive
accordance positive
accordantly positive
accost negative
accountable negative
accurate positive
accurately positive
accursed negative
accusation negative
accusations negative
accuse negative
accuses negative
accusing negative
accusingly negative
acerbate negative
acerbic negative
acerbically negative
ache negative
achievable positive
achieve positive
achievement positive
achievements positive
acknowledge positive
acknowledgement positive
acquit positive
acrid negative
acridly negative
acridness negative
acrimonious negative
acrimoniously negative
acrimony negative
active positive
acumen positive
adamant negative
adamantly negative
adaptability positive
adaptable positive
adaptive positive
addict negative
addiction negative
adept positive
adeptly positive
adequate positive
adherence positive
adherent positive
adhesion positive
admirable positive
admirably positive
admiration positive
admire positive
admirer positive
admiring positive
admiringly positive
admission positive
admit positive
admittedly positive
admonish negative
admonisher negative
admonishingly negative
admonishment negative
admonition negative
adorable positive
adore positive
adored positive
adorer positive
adoring positive
adoringly positive
adrift negative
adroit positive
adroitly positive
adulate positive
adulation positive
adulatory positive
adulterate negative
adulterated negative
adulteration negative
advanced positive
advantage positive
advantageous positive
advantages positive
adventure positive
adventuresome positive
adventurism positive
adventurous positive
adversarial negative
adversary negative
adverse negative
adversity negative
advice positive
advisable positive
advocacy positive
advocate positive
affability positive
affable positive
affably positive
affectation negative
affection positive
affectionate positive
affinity positive
affirm positive
affirmation positive
affirmative positive
afflict negative
affliction negative
afflictive negative
affluence positive
affluent positive
afford positive
affordable positive
affront negative
afloat positive
afraid negative
against negative
aggravate negative
aggravating negative
aggravation negative
aggression negative
aggressive negative
aggressiveness negative
aggressor negative
aggrieve negative
aggrieved negative
aghast negative
agile positive
agilely positive
agility positive
agitate negative
agitated negative
agitation negative
agitator negative
agonies negative
agonize negative
agonizing negative
agonizingly negative
agony negative
agree positive
agreeability positive
agreeable positive
agreeableness positive
agreeably positive
agreement positive
ail negative
ailment negative
aimless negative
airs negative
alarm negative
alarmed negative
alarming negative
alarmingly negative
alas negative
alienate negative
alienated negative
alienation negative
allay positive
allegation negative
allegations negative
allege negative
allergic negative
alleviate positive
allow positive
allowable positive
allure positive
alluring positive
alluringly positive
ally positive
almighty positive
aloof negative
altercation negative
although negative
altruist positive
altruistic positive
altruistically positive
amaze positive
amazed positive
amazement positive
amazing positive
amazingly positive
ambiguity negative
ambiguous negative
ambitious positive
ambitiously positive
ambivalence negative
ambivalent negative
ambush negative
ameliorate positive
amenable positive
amenity positive
amiability positive
amiabily positive
amiable positive
amicability positive
amicable positive
amicably positive
amiss negative
amity positive
amnesty positive
amour positive
ample positive
amply positive
amputate negative
amuse positive
amusement positive
amusing positive
amusingly positive
anarchism negative
anarchist negative
anarchistic negative
anarchy negative
anemic negative
angel positive
angelic positive
anger negative
angrily negative
angriness negative
angry negative
anguish negative
animated positive
animosity negative
annihilate negative
annihilation negative
annoy negative
annoyance negative
annoyed negative
annoying negative
annoyingly negative
anomalous negative
anomaly negative
antagonism negative
antagonist negative
antagonistic negative
antagonize negative
anti- negative
anti-American negative
anti-Israeli negative
anti-Semites negative
anti-US negative
anti-occupation negative
anti-proliferation negative
anti-social negative
anti-white negative
antipathy negative
antiquated negative
antithetical negative
anxieties negative
anxiety negative
anxious negative
anxiously negative
anxiousness negative
apathetic negative
apathetically negative
apathy negative
ape negative
apocalypse negative
apocalyptic negative
apologist negative
apologists negative
apostle positive
apotheosis positive
appal negative
appall negative
appalled negative
appalling negative
appallingly negative
appeal positive
appealing positive
appease positive
applaud positive
appreciable positive
appreciate positive
appreciation positive
appreciative positive
appreciatively positive
appreciativeness positive
apprehension negative
apprehensions negative
apprehensive negative
apprehensively negative
appropriate positive
approval positive
approve positive
apt positive
aptitude positive
aptly positive
arbitrary negative
arcane negative
archaic negative
ardent positive
ardently positive
ardor positive
arduous negative
arduously negative
argue negative
argument negative
argumentative negative
arguments negative
aristocratic positive
arousal positive
arouse positive
arousing positive
arresting positive
arrogance negative
arrogant negative
arrogantly negative
articulate positive
artificial negative
ascendant positive
ascertainable positive
ashamed negative
asinine negative
asininely negative
asinininity negative
askance negative
asperse negative
aspersion negative
aspersions negative
aspiration positive
aspirations positive
aspire positive
assail negative
assassin negative
assassinate negative
assault negative
assent positive
assertions positive
assertive positive
asset positive
assiduous positive
assiduously positive
assuage positive
assurance positive
assurances positive
assure positive
assuredly positive
astonish positive
astonished positive
astonishing positive
astonishingly positive
astonishment positive
astound positive
astounded positive
astounding positive
astoundingly positive
astray negative
astute positive
astutely positive
asunder negative
asylum positive
atrocious negative
atrocities negative
atrocity negative
atrophy negative
attack negative
attain positive
attainable positive
attentive positive
attest positive
attraction positive
attractive positive
attractively positive
attune positive
audacious negative
audaciously negative
audaciousness negative
audacity negative
auspicious positive
austere negative
authentic positive
authoritarian negative
authoritative positive
autocrat negative
autocratic negative
autonomous positive
avalanche negative
avarice negative
avaricious negative
avariciously negative
avenge negative
aver positive
averse negative
aversion negative
avid positive
avidly positive
avoid negative
avoidance negative
award positive
awe positive
awed positive
awesome positive
awesomely positive
awesomeness positive
awestruck positive
awful negative
awfully negative
awfulness negative
awkward negative
awkwardness negative
ax negative
babble negative
back positive
backbite negative
backbiting negative
backbone positive
backward negative
backwardness negative
bad negative
badly negative
baffle negative
baffled negative
bafflement negative
baffling negative
bait negative
balanced positive
balk negative
banal negative
banalize negative
bane negative
banish negative
banishment negative
bankrupt negative
bar negative
barbarian negative
barbaric negative
barbarically negative
barbarity negative
barbarous negative
barbarously negative
barely negative
bargain positive
barren negative
baseless negative
bashful negative
basic positive
bask positive
bastard negative
battered negative
battering negative
battle negative
battle-lines negative
battlefield negative
battleground negative
batty negative
beacon positive
bearish negative
beast negative
beastly negative
beatify positive
beauteous positive
beautiful positive
beautifully positive
beautify positive
beauty positive
bedlam negative
bedlamite negative
befit positive
befitting positive
befoul negative
befriend positive
beg negative
beggar negative
beggarly negative
begging negative
beguile negative
belabor negative
belated negative
beleaguer negative
belie negative
believable positive
belittle negative
belittled negative
belittling negative
bellicose negative
belligerence negative
belligerent negative
belligerently negative
beloved positive
bemoan negative
bemoaning negative
bemused negative
benefactor positive
beneficent positive
beneficial positive
beneficially positive
beneficiary positive
benefit positive
benefits positive
benevolence positive
benevolent positive
benign positive
bent negative
berate negative
bereave negative
bereavement negative
bereft negative
berserk negative
beseech negative
beset negative
besiege negative
besmirch negative
best positive
best-known positive
best-performing positive
best-selling positive
bestial negative
betray negative
betrayal negative
betrayals negative
betrayer negative
better positive
better-known positive
better-than-expected positive
bewail negative
beware negative
bewilder negative
bewildered negative
bewildering negative
bewilderingly negative
bewilderment negative
bewitch negative
bias negative
biased negative
biases negative
bicker negative
bickering negative
bid-rigging negative
bitch negative
bitchy negative
biting negative
bitingly negative
bitter negative
bitterly negative
bitterness negative
bizarre negative
blab negative
blabber negative
black negative
blackmail negative
blah negative
blame negative
blameless positive
blameworthy negative
bland negative
blandish negative
blaspheme negative
blasphemous negative
blasphemy negative
blast negative
blasted negative
blatant negative
blatantly negative
blather negative
bleak negative
bleakly negative
bleakness negative
bleed negative
blemish negative
bless positive
blessing positive
blind negative
blinding negative
blindingly negative
blindness negative
blindside negative
bliss positive
blissful positive
blissfully positive
blister negative
blistering negative
blithe positive
bloated negative
block negative
blockhead negative
blood negative
bloodshed negative
bloodthirsty negative
bloody negative
bloom positive
blossom positive
blow negative
blunder negative
blundering negative
blunders negative
blunt negative
blur negative
blurt negative
boast negative
boastful negative
boggle negative
bogus negative
boil negative
boiling negative
boisterous negative
bold positive
boldly positive
boldness positive
bolster positive
bomb negative
bombard negative
bombardment negative
bombastic negative
bondage negative
bonkers negative
bonny positive
bonus positive
boom positive
booming positive
boost positive
bore negative
boredom negative
boring negative
botch negative
bother negative
bothersome negative
boundless positive
bountiful positive
bowdlerize negative
boycott negative
braggart negative
bragger negative
brains positive
brainwash negative
brainy positive
brash negative
brashly negative
brashness negative
brat negative
bravado negative
brave positive
bravery positive
brazen negative
brazenly negative
brazenness negative
breach negative
break negative
break-point negative
breakdown negative
breakthrough positive
breakthroughs positive
breathlessness positive
breathtaking positive
breathtakingly positive
bright positive
brighten positive
brightness positive
brilliance positive
brilliant positive
brilliantly positive
brimstone negative
brisk positive
bristle negative
brittle negative
broad positive
broke negative
broken-hearted negative
brood negative
brook positive
brotherly positive
browbeat negative
bruise negative
brusque negative
brutal negative
brutalising negative
brutalities negative
brutality negative
brutalize negative
brutalizing negative
brutally negative
brute negative
brutish negative
buckle negative
bug negative
bulky negative
bull positive
bullies negative
bullish positive
bully negative
bullyingly negative
bum negative
bumpy negative
bungle negative
bungler negative
bunk negative
buoyant positive
burden negative
burdensome negative
burdensomely negative
burn negative
busy negative
busybody negative
butcher negative
butchery negative
byzantine negative
cackle negative
cajole negative
calamities negative
calamitous negative
calamitously negative
calamity negative
callous negative
calm positive
calming positive
calmness positive
calumniate negative
calumniation negative
calumnies negative
calumnious negative
calumniously negative
calumny negative
cancer negative
cancerous negative
candid positive
candor positive
cannibal negative
cannibalize negative
capability positive
capable positive
capably positive
capitalize positive
capitulate negative
capricious negative
capriciously negative
capriciousness negative
capsize negative
captivate positive
captivating positive
captivation positive
captive negative
care positive
carefree positive
careful positive
careless negative
carelessness negative
caricature negative
carnage negative
carp negative
cartoon negative
cartoonish negative
cash-strapped negative
castigate negative
casualty negative
cataclysm negative
cataclysmal negative
cataclysmic negative
cataclysmically negative
catalyst positive
catastrophe negative
catastrophes negative
catastrophic negative
catastrophically negative
catchy positive
caustic negative
caustically negative
cautionary negative
cautious negative
cave negative
celebrate positive
celebrated positive
celebration positive
celebratory positive
celebrity positive
censure negative
chafe negative
chaff negative
chagrin negative
challenge negative
challenging negative
champ positive
champion positive
chaos negative
chaotic negative
charisma negative
charismatic positive
charitable positive
charity positive
charm positive
charming positive
charmingly positive
chaste positive
chasten negative
chastise negative
chastisement negative
chatter negative
chatterbox negative
cheap negative
cheapen negative
cheat negative
cheater negative
cheer positive
cheerful positive
cheerless negative
cheery positive
cherish positive
cherished positive
cherub positive
chic positive
chide negative
childish negative
chill negative
chilly negative
chit negative
chivalrous positive
chivalry positive
choke negative
choppy negative
chore negative
chronic negative
chum positive
civil positive
civility positive
civilization positive
civilize positive
clamor negative
clamorous negative
clarity positive
clash negative
classic positive
clean positive
cleanliness positive
cleanse positive
clear positive
clear-cut positive
clearer positive
clearly positive
clever positive
cliche negative
cliched negative
clique negative
clog negative
close negative
closeness positive
cloud negative
clout positive
clumsy negative
co-operation positive
coarse negative
coax positive
cocky negative
coddle positive
coerce negative
coercion negative
coercive negative
cogent positive
cohere positive
coherence positive
coherent positive
cohesion positive
cohesive positive
cold negative
coldly negative
collapse negative
collide negative
collude negative
collusion negative
colorful positive
colossal positive
combative negative
comeback positive
comedy negative
comely positive
comfort positive
comfortable positive
comfortably positive
comforting positive
comical negative
commend positive
commendable positive
commendably positive
commensurate positive
commiserate negative
commitment positive
commodious positive
commonplace negative
commonsense positive
commonsensible positive
commonsensibly positive
commonsensical positive
commotion negative
compact positive
compassion positive
compassionate positive
compatible positive
compel negative
compelling positive
compensate positive
competence positive
competency positive
competent positive
competitive positive
competitiveness positive
complacent negative
complain negative
complaining negative
complaint negative
complaints negative
complement positive
complex negative
compliant positive
complicate negative
complicated negative
complication negative
complicit negative
compliment positive
complimentary positive
comprehensive positive
compromise positive
compromises positive
compulsion negative
compulsive negative
compulsory negative
comrades positive
concede negative
conceit negative
conceited negative
conceivable positive
concern negative
concerned negative
concerns negative
concession negative
concessions negative
conciliate positive
conciliatory positive
conclusive positive
concrete positive
concur positive
condemn negative
condemnable negative
condemnation negative
condescend negative
condescending negative
condescendingly negative
condescension negative
condolence negative
condolences negative
condone positive
conducive positive
confer positive
confess negative
confession negative
confessions negative
confidence positive
confident positive
conflict negative
confound negative
confounded negative
confounding negative
confront negative
confrontation negative
confrontational negative
confuse negative
confused negative
confusing negative
confusion negative
confute positive
congenial positive
congested negative
congestion negative
congratulate positive
congratulations positive
congratulatory positive
conquer positive
conscience positive
conscientious positive
consensus positive
consent positive
considerate positive
consistent positive
console positive
conspicuous negative
conspicuously negative
conspiracies negative
conspiracy negative
conspirator negative
conspiratorial negative
conspire negative
constancy positive
consternation negative
constrain negative
constraint negative
constructive positive
consume negative
consummate positive
contagious negative
contaminate negative
contamination negative
contempt negative
contemptible negative
contemptuous negative
contemptuously negative
contend negative
content positive
contention negative
contentious negative
contentment positive
continuity positive
contort negative
contortions negative
contradict negative
contradiction negative
contradictory negative
contrariness negative
contrary negative
contravene negative
contribution positive
contrive negative
contrived negative
controversial negative
controversy negative
convenient positive
conveniently positive
conviction positive
convince positive
convincing positive
convincingly positive
convoluted negative
cooperate positive
cooperation positive
cooperative positive
cooperatively positive
coping negative
cordial positive
cornerstone positive
correct positive
correctly positive
corrode negative
corrosion negative
corrosive negative
corrupt negative
corruption negative
cost-effective positive
cost-saving positive
costly negative
counterproductive negative
coupists negative
courage positive
courageous positive
courageously positive
courageousness positive
court positive
courteous positive
courtesy positive
courtly positive
covenant positive
covetous negative
cow negative
coward negative
cowardly negative
cozy positive
crackdown negative
crafty negative
cramped negative
cranky negative
crass negative
crave positive
craven negative
cravenly negative
craving positive
craze negative
crazily negative
craziness negative
crazy negative
creative positive
credence positive
credible positive
credulous negative
crime negative
criminal negative
cringe negative
cripple negative
crippling negative
crisis negative
crisp positive
critic negative
critical negative
criticism negative
criticisms negative
criticize negative
critics negative
crook negative
crooked negative
cross negative
crowded negative
crude negative
cruel negative
cruelties negative
cruelty negative
crumble negative
crumple negative
crusade positive
crusader positive
crush negative
crushing negative
cry negative
culpable negative
cumbersome negative
cuplrit negative
cure-all positive
curious positive
curiously positive
curse negative
cursed negative
curses negative
cursory negative
curt negative
cuss negative
cut negative
cute positive
cutthroat negative
cynical negative
cynicism negative
damage negative
damaging negative
damn negative
damnable negative
damnably negative
damnation negative
damned negative
damning negative
dance positive
danger negative
dangerous negative
dangerousness negative
dangle negative
dare positive
daring positive
daringly positive
dark negative
darken negative
darkness negative
darling positive
darn negative
dash negative
dashing positive
dastard negative
dastardly negative
daunt negative
daunting negative
dauntingly negative
dauntless positive
dawdle negative
dawn positive
daydream positive
daydreamer positive
daze negative
dazed negative
dazzle positive
dazzled positive
dazzling positive
dead negative
deadbeat negative
deadlock negative
deadly negative
deadweight negative
deaf negative
deal positive
dear positive
dearth negative
death negative
debacle negative
debase negative
debasement negative
debaser negative
debatable negative
debate negative
debauch negative
debaucher negative
debauchery negative
debilitate negative
debilitating negative
debility negative
decadence negative
decadent negative
decay negative
decayed negative
deceit negative
deceitful negative
deceitfully negative
deceitfulness negative
deceive negative
deceiver negative
deceivers negative
deceiving negative
decency positive
decent positive
deception negative
deceptive negative
deceptively negative
decisive positive
decisiveness positive
declaim negative
decline negative
declining negative
decrease negative
decreasing negative
decrement negative
decrepit negative
decrepitude negative
decry negative
dedicated positive
deep negative
deepening negative
defamation negative
defamations negative
defamatory negative
defame negative
defeat negative
defect negative
defective negative
defend positive
defender positive
defense positive
defensive negative
deference positive
defiance negative
defiant negative
defiantly negative
deficiency negative
deficient negative
defile negative
defiler negative
definite positive
definitely positive
definitive positive
definitively positive
deflationary positive
deform negative
deformed negative
defrauding negative
deft positive
defunct negative
defy negative
degenerate negative
degenerately negative
degeneration negative
degradation negative
degrade negative
degrading negative
degradingly negative
dehumanization negative
dehumanize negative
deign negative
deject negative
dejected negative
dejectedly negative
dejection negative
delectable positive
delicacy positive
delicate positive
delicious positive
delight positive
delighted positive
delightful positive
delightfully positive
delightfulness positive
delinquency negative
delinquent negative
delirious negative
delirium negative
delude negative
deluded negative
deluge negative
delusion negative
delusional negative
delusions negative
demean negative
demeaning negative
demise negative
democratic positive
demolish negative
demolisher negative
demon negative
demonic negative
demonize negative
demoralize negative
demoralizing negative
demoralizingly negative
demystify positive
denial negative
denigrate negative
denounce negative
denunciate negative
denunciation negative
denunciations negative
deny negative
dependable positive
deplete negative
deplorable negative
deplorably negative
deplore negative
deploring negative
deploringly negative
deprave negative
depraved negative
depravedly negative
deprecate negative
depress negative
depressed negative
depressing negative
depressingly negative
depression negative
deprive negative
deprived negative
deride negative
derision negative
derisive negative
derisively negative
derisiveness negative
derogatory negative
desecrate negative
desert negative
desertion negative
deserve positive
deserved positive
deservedly positive
deserving positive
desiccate negative
desiccated negative
desirable positive
desire positive
desirous positive
desolate negative
desolately negative
desolation negative
despair negative
despairing negative
despairingly negative
desperate negative
desperately negative
desperation negative
despicable negative
despicably negative
despise negative
despised negative
despite negative
despoil negative
despoiler negative
despondence negative
despondency negative
despondent negative
despondently negative
despot negative
despotic negative
despotism negative
destabilisation negative
destine positive
destined positive
destinies positive
destiny positive
destitute negative
destitution negative
destroy negative
destroyer negative
destruction negative
destructive negative
desultory negative
deter negative
deteriorate negative
deteriorating negative
deterioration negative
determination positive
deterrent negative
detest negative
detestable negative
detestably negative
detract negative
detraction negative
detriment negative
detrimental negative
devastate negative
devastated negative
devastating negative
devastatingly negative
devastation negative
deviate negative
deviation negative
devil negative
devilish negative
devilishly negative
devilment negative
devilry negative
devious negative
deviously negative
deviousness negative
devoid negative
devote positive
devoted positive
devotee positive
devotion positive
devout positive
dexterity positive
dexterous positive
dexterously positive
dextrous positive
diabolic negative
diabolical negative
diabolically negative
diametrically negative
diatribe negative
diatribes negative
dictator negative
dictatorial negative
differ negative
difficult negative
difficulties negative
difficulty negative
diffidence negative
dig positive
dignified positive
dignify positive
dignity positive
digress negative
dilapidated negative
dilemma negative
diligence positive
diligent positive
diligently positive
dilly-dally negative
dim negative
diminish negative
diminishing negative
din negative
dinky negative
diplomatic positive
dire negative
direly negative
direness negative
dirt negative
dirty negative
disable negative
disabled negative
disaccord negative
disadvantage negative
disadvantaged negative
disadvantageous negative
disaffect negative
disaffected negative
disaffirm negative
disagree negative
disagreeable negative
disagreeably negative
disagreement negative
disallow negative
disappoint negative
disappointed negative
disappointing negative
disappointingly negative
disappointment negative
disapprobation negative
disapproval negative
disapprove negative
disapproving negative
disarm negative
disarray negative
disaster negative
disastrous negative
disastrously negative
disavow negative
disavowal negative
disbelief negative
disbelieve negative
disbeliever negative
discerning positive
disclaim negative
discombobulate negative
discomfit negative
discomfititure negative
discomfort negative
discompose negative
disconcert negative
disconcerted negative
disconcerting negative
disconcertingly negative
disconsolate negative
disconsolately negative
disconsolation negative
discontent negative
discontented negative
discontentedly negative
discontinuity negative
discord negative
discordance negative
discordant negative
discountenance negative
discourage negative
discouragement negative
discouraging negative
discouragingly negative
discourteous negative
discourteously negative
discredit negative
discreet positive
discrepant negative
discretion positive
discriminate negative
discriminating positive
discriminatingly positive
discrimination negative
discriminatory negative
disdain negative
disdainful negative
disdainfully negative
disease negative
diseased negative
disfavor negative
disgrace negative
disgraced negative
disgraceful negative
disgracefully negative
disgruntle negative
disgruntled negative
disgust negative
disgusted negative
disgustedly negative
disgustful negative
disgustfully negative
disgusting negative
disgustingly negative
dishearten negative
disheartening negative
dishearteningly negative
dishonest negative
dishonestly negative
dishonesty negative
dishonor negative
dishonorable negative
dishonorablely negative
disillusion negative
disillusioned negative
disinclination negative
disinclined negative
disingenuous negative
disingenuously negative
disintegrate negative
disintegration negative
disinterest negative
disinterested negative
dislike negative
dislocated negative
disloyal negative
disloyalty negative
dismal negative
dismally negative
dismalness negative
dismay negative
dismayed negative
dismaying negative
dismayingly negative
dismissive negative
dismissively negative
disobedience negative
disobedient negative
disobey negative
disorder negative
disordered negative
disorderly negative
disorganized negative
disorient negative
disoriented negative
disown negative
disparage negative
disparaging negative
disparagingly negative
dispensable negative
dispirit negative
dispirited negative
dispiritedly negative
dispiriting negative
displace negative
displaced negative
displease negative
displeasing negative
displeasure negative
disproportionate negative
disprove negative
disputable negative
dispute negative
disputed negative
disquiet negative
disquieting negative
disquietingly negative
disquietude negative
disregard negative
disregardful negative
disreputable negative
disrepute negative
disrespect negative
disrespectable negative
disrespectablity negative
disrespectful negative
disrespectfully negative
disrespectfulness negative
disrespecting negative
disrupt negative
disruption negative
disruptive negative
dissatisfaction negative
dissatisfactory negative
dissatisfied negative
dissatisfy negative
dissatisfying negative
dissemble negative
dissembler negative
dissension negative
dissent negative
dissenter negative
dissention negative
disservice negative
dissidence negative
dissident negative
dissidents negative
dissocial negative
dissolute negative
dissolution negative
dissonance negative
dissonant negative
dissonantly negative
dissuade negative
dissuasive negative
distaste negative
distasteful negative
distastefully negative
distinct positive
distinction positive
distinctive positive
distinguish positive
distinguished positive
distort negative
distortion negative
distract negative
distracting negative
distraction negative
distraught negative
distraughtly negative
distraughtness negative
distress negative
distressed negative
distressing negative
distressingly negative
distrust negative
distrustful negative
distrusting negative
disturb negative
disturbed negative
disturbed-let negative
disturbing negative
disturbingly negative
disunity negative
disvalue negative
divergent negative
diversified positive
divide negative
divided negative
divine positive
divinely positive
division negative
divisive negative
divisively negative
divisiveness negative
divorce negative
divorced negative
dizzing negative
dizzingly negative
dizzy negative
doddering negative
dodge positive
dodgey negative
dogged negative
doggedly negative
dogmatic negative
doldrums negative
dominance negative
dominate negative
domination negative
domineer negative
domineering negative
doom negative
doomsday negative
dope negative
dote positive
dotingly positive
doubt negative
doubtful negative
doubtfully negative
doubtless positive
doubts negative
down negative
downbeat negative
downcast negative
downer negative
downfall negative
downfallen negative
downgrade negative
downhearted negative
downheartedly negative
downside negative
drab negative
draconian negative
draconic negative
dragon negative
dragons negative
dragoon negative
drain negative
drama negative
drastic negative
drastically negative
dread negative
dreadful negative
dreadfully negative
dreadfulness negative
dream positive
dreamland positive
dreams positive
dreamy positive
dreary negative
drive positive
driven positive
drones negative
droop negative
drought negative
drowning negative
drunk negative
drunkard negative
drunken negative
dubious negative
dubiously negative
dubitable negative
dud negative
dull negative
dullard negative
dumb negative
dumbfound negative
dumbfounded negative
dummy negative
dump negative
dunce negative
dungeon negative
dungeons negative
dupe negative
durability positive
durable positive
dusty negative
dwindle negative
dwindling negative
dying negative
dynamic positive
eager positive
eagerly positive
eagerness positive
earnest positive
earnestly positive
earnestness positive
earsplitting negative
ease positive
easier positive
easiest positive
easily positive
easiness positive
easy positive
easygoing positive
ebullience positive
ebullient positive
ebulliently positive
eccentric negative
eccentricity negative
eclectic positive
economical positive
ecstasies positive
ecstasy positive
ecstatic positive
ecstatically positive
edgy negative
edify positive
educable positive
educated positive
educational positive
effective positive
effectiveness positive
effectual positive
efficacious positive
efficiency positive
efficient positive
effigy negative
effortless positive
effortlessly positive
effrontery negative
effusion positive
effusive positive
effusively positive
effusiveness positive
egalitarian positive
ego negative
egocentric negative
egomania negative
egotism negative
egotistical negative
egotistically negative
egregious negative
egregiously negative
ejaculate negative
elan positive
elate positive
elated positive
elatedly positive
elation positive
election-rigger negative
electrification positive
electrify positive
elegance positive
elegant positive
elegantly positive
elevate positive
elevated positive
eligible positive
eliminate negative
elimination negative
elite positive
eloquence positive
eloquent positive
eloquently positive
emaciated negative
emancipate positive
emasculate negative
embarrass negative
embarrassing negative
embarrassingly negative
embarrassment negative
embattled negative
embellish positive
embolden positive
embrace positive
embroil negative
embroiled negative
embroilment negative
eminence positive
eminent positive
emotional negative
empathize negative
empathy negative
emphatic negative
emphatically negative
empower positive
empowerment positive
emptiness negative
empty negative
enable positive
enchant positive
enchanted positive
enchanting positive
enchantingly positive
encourage positive
encouragement positive
encouraging positive
encouragingly positive
encroach negative
encroachment negative
endanger negative
endear positive
endearing positive
endless negative
endorse positive
endorsement positive
endorser positive
endurable positive
endure positive
enduring positive
enemies negative
enemy negative
energetic positive
energize positive
enervate negative
enfeeble negative
enflame negative
engaging positive
engrossing positive
engulf negative
enhance positive
enhanced positive
enhancement positive
enjoin negative
enjoy positive
enjoyable positive
enjoyably positive
enjoyment positive
enlighten positive
enlightenment positive
enliven positive
enmity negative
ennoble positive
enormities negative
enormity negative
enormous negative
enormously negative
enrage negative
enraged negative
enrapt positive
enrapture positive
enraptured positive
enrich positive
enrichment positive
enslave negative
ensure positive
entangle negative
entanglement negative
enterprising positive
entertain positive
entertaining positive
enthral positive
enthrall positive
enthralled positive
enthuse positive
enthusiasm positive
enthusiast positive
enthusiastic positive
enthusiastically positive
entice positive
enticing positive
enticingly positive
entrance positive
entranced positive
entrancing positive
entrap negative
entrapment negative
entreat positive
entreatingly positive
entrust positive
enviable positive
enviably positive
envious negative
enviously negative
enviousness negative
envision positive
envisions positive
envy negative
epic positive
epidemic negative
epitome positive
equality positive
equitable positive
equivocal negative
eradicate negative
erase negative
erode negative
erosion negative
err negative
errant negative
erratic negative
erratically negative
erroneous negative
erroneously negative
error negative
erudite positive
escapade negative
eschew negative
esoteric negative
especially positive
essential positive
established positive
esteem positive
estranged negative
eternal negative
eternity positive
ethical positive
eulogize positive
euphoria positive
euphoric positive
euphorically positive
evade negative
evasion negative
evasive negative
even positive
evenly positive
eventful positive
everlasting positive
evident positive
evidently positive
evil negative
evildoer negative
evils negative
eviscerate negative
evocative positive
exacerbate negative
exacting negative
exaggerate negative
exaggeration negative
exalt positive
exaltation positive
exalted positive
exaltedly positive
exalting positive
exaltingly positive
exasperate negative
exasperating negative
exasperatingly negative
exasperation negative
exceed positive
exceeding positive
exceedingly positive
excel positive
excellence positive
excellency positive
excellent positive
excellently positive
exceptional positive
exceptionally positive
excessive negative
excessively negative
excite positive
excited positive
excitedly positive
excitedness positive
excitement positive
exciting positive
excitingly positive
exclaim negative
exclude negative
exclusion negative
exclusive positive
excoriate negative
excruciating negative
excruciatingly negative
excusable positive
excuse negative
excuses negative
execrate negative
exemplar positive
exemplary positive
exhaust negative
exhaustion negative
exhaustive positive
exhaustively positive
exhilarate positive
exhilarating positive
exhilaratingly positive
exhilaration positive
exhort negative
exile negative
exonerate positive
exorbitant negative
exorbitantance negative
exorbitantly negative
expansive positive
expediencies negative
expedient negative
expel negative
expensive negative
experienced positive
expert positive
expertly positive
expire negative
explicit positive
explicitly positive
explode negative
exploit negative
exploitation negative
explosive negative
expose negative
exposed negative
expressive positive
expropriate negative
expropriation negative
expulse negative
expunge negative
exquisite positive
exquisitely positive
exterminate negative
extermination negative
extinguish negative
extol positive
extoll positive
extort negative
extortion negative
extraneous negative
extraordinarily positive
extraordinary positive
extravagance negative
extravagant negative
extravagantly negative
extreme negative
extremely negative
extremism negative
extremist negative
extremists negative
exuberance positive
exuberant positive
exuberantly positive
exult positive
exultation positive
exultingly positive
fabricate negative
fabrication negative
fabulous positive
fabulously positive
facetious negative
facetiously negative
facilitate positive
fading negative
fail negative
failing negative
failure negative
failures negative
faint negative
fainthearted negative
fair positive
fairly positive
fairness positive
faith positive
faithful positive
faithfully positive
faithfulness positive
faithless negative
fake negative
fall negative
fallacies negative
fallacious negative
fallaciously negative
fallaciousness negative
fallacy negative
fallout negative
false negative
falsehood negative
falsely negative
falsify negative
falter negative
fame positive
famed positive
famine negative
famished negative
famous positive
famously positive
fanatic negative
fanatical negative
fanatically negative
fanaticism negative
fanatics negative
fanciful negative
fancy positive
fanfare positive
fantastic positive
fantastically positive
fantasy positive
far-fetched negative
farce negative
farcical negative
farcical-yet-provocative negative
farcically negative
farfetched negative
farsighted positive
fascinate positive
fascinating positive
fascinatingly positive
fascination positive
fascism negative
fascist negative
fashionable positive
fashionably positive
fast-growing positive
fast-paced positive
fastest-growing positive
fastidious negative
fastidiously negative
fastuous negative
fat negative
fatal negative
fatalistic negative
fatalistically negative
fatally negative
fateful negative
fatefully negative
fathom positive
fathomless negative
fatigue negative
fatty negative
fatuity negative
fatuous negative
fatuously negative
fault negative
faulty negative
favor positive
favorable positive
favored positive
favorite positive
favour positive
fawningly negative
faze negative
fear negative
fearful negative
fearfully negative
fearless positive
fearlessly positive
fears negative
fearsome negative
feasible positive
feasibly positive
feat positive
featly positive
feckless negative
feeble negative
feeblely negative
feebleminded negative
feign negative
feint negative
feisty positive
felicitate positive
felicitous positive
felicity positive
fell negative
felon negative
felonious negative
ferocious negative
ferociously negative
ferocity negative
fertile positive
fervent positive
fervently positive
fervid positive
fervidly positive
fervor positive
festive positive
fetid negative
fever negative
feverish negative
fiasco negative
fiat negative
fib negative
fibber negative
fickle negative
fiction negative
fictional negative
fictitious negative
fidelity positive
fidget negative
fidgety negative
fiend negative
fiendish negative
fierce negative
fiery positive
fight negative
figurehead negative
filth negative
filthy negative
finagle negative
fine positive
finely positive
first-class positive
first-rate positive
fissures negative
fist negative
fit positive
fitting positive
flabbergast negative
flabbergasted negative
flagging negative
flagrant negative
flagrantly negative
flair positive
flak negative
flake negative
flakey negative
flaky negative
flame positive
flash negative
flashy negative
flat-out negative
flatter positive
flattering positive
flatteringly positive
flaunt negative
flaw negative
flawed negative
flawless positive
flawlessly positive
flaws negative
fleer negative
fleeting negative
flexible positive
flighty negative
flimflam negative
flimsy negative
flirt negative
flirty negative
floored negative
flounder negative
floundering negative
flourish positive
flourishing positive
flout negative
fluent positive
fluster negative
foe negative
fond positive
fondly positive
fondness positive
fool negative
foolhardy negative
foolish negative
foolishly negative
foolishness negative
foolproof positive
forbid negative
forbidden negative
forbidding negative
force negative
forceful negative
foreboding negative
forebodingly negative
foremost positive
foresight positive
forfeit negative
forgave positive
forged negative
forget negative
forgetful negative
forgetfully negative
forgetfulness negative
forgive positive
forgiven positive
forgiveness positive
forgiving positive
forgivingly positive
forlorn negative
forlornly negative
formidable negative
forsake negative
forsaken negative
forswear negative
fortitude positive
fortuitous positive
fortuitously positive
fortunate positive
fortunately positive
fortune positive
foul negative
foully negative
foulness negative
fractious negative
fractiously negative
fracture negative
fragile negative
fragmented negative
fragrant positive
frail negative
frank positive
frantic negative
frantically negative
franticly negative
fraternize negative
fraud negative
fraudulent negative
fraught negative
frazzle negative
frazzled negative
freak negative
freakish negative
freakishly negative
free positive
freedom positive
freedoms positive
frenetic negative
frenetically negative
frenzied negative
frenzy negative
fresh positive
fret negative
fretful negative
friction negative
frictions negative
friend positive
friendliness positive
friendly positive
friends positive
friendship positive
friggin negative
fright negative
frighten negative
frightening negative
frighteningly negative
frightful negative
frightfully negative
frigid negative
frivolous negative
frolic positive
frown negative
frozen negative
fruitful positive
fruitless negative
fruitlessly negative
frustrate negative
frustrated negative
frustrating negative
frustratingly negative
frustration negative
fudge negative
fugitive negative
fulfillment positive
full-blown negative
full-fledged positive
fulminate negative
fumble negative
fume negative
fun positive
functional positive
fundamentalism negative
funny positive
furious negative
furiously negative
furor negative
fury negative
fuss negative
fussy negative
fustigate negative
fusty negative
futile negative
futilely negative
futility negative
fuzzy negative
gabble negative
gaff negative
gaffe negative
gaga negative
gaggle negative
gaiety positive
gaily positive
gain positive
gainful positive
gainfully positive
gainsay negative
gainsayer negative
gall negative
gallant positive
gallantly positive
galling negative
gallingly negative
galore positive
gamble negative
game negative
gape negative
garbage negative
garish negative
gasp negative
gauche negative
gaudy negative
gawk negative
gawky negative
geezer negative
gem positive
gems positive
generosity positive
generous positive
generously positive
genial positive
genius positive
genocide negative
gentle positive
genuine positive
germane positive
get-rich negative
ghastly negative
ghetto negative
gibber negative
gibberish negative
gibe negative
giddy positive
gifted positive
glad positive
gladden positive
gladly positive
gladness positive
glamorous positive
glare negative
glaring negative
glaringly negative
glee positive
gleeful positive
gleefully positive
glib negative
glibly negative
glimmer positive
glimmering positive
glisten positive
glistening positive
glitch negative
glitter positive
gloatingly negative
gloom negative
gloomy negative
glorify positive
glorious positive
gloriously positive
glory positive
gloss negative
glossy positive
glow positive
glower negative
glowing positive
glowingly positive
glum negative
glut negative
gnawing negative
go-ahead positive
goad negative
goading negative
god-awful negative
god-given positive
goddam negative
goddamn negative
godlike positive
gold positive
golden positive
good positive
goodly positive
goodness positive
goodwill positive
goof negative
gorgeous positive
gorgeously positive
gossip negative
grace positive
graceful positive
gracefully positive
graceless negative
gracelessly negative
gracious positive
graciously positive
graciousness positive
graft negative
grail positive
grand positive
grandeur positive
grandiose negative
grapple negative
grate negative
grateful positive
gratefully positive
gratification positive
gratify positive
gratifying positive
gratifyingly positive
grating negative
gratitude positive
gratuitous negative
gratuitously negative
grave negative
gravely negative
great positive
greatest positive
greatness positive
greed negative
greedy negative
greet positive
grief negative
grievance negative
grievances negative
grieve negative
grieving negative
grievous negative
grievously negative
grill negative
grim negative
grimace negative
grin positive
grind negative
gripe negative
grisly negative
grit positive
gritty negative
groove positive
gross negative
grossly negative
grotesque negative
grouch negative
grouchy negative
groundbreaking positive
groundless negative
grouse negative
growl negative
grudge negative
grudges negative
grudging negative
grudgingly negative
gruesome negative
gruesomely negative
gruff negative
grumble negative
guarantee positive
guardian positive
guidance positive
guile negative
guilt negative
guiltily negative
guiltless positive
guilty negative
gullible negative
gumption positive
gush positive
gusto positive
gutsy positive
haggard negative
haggle negative
hail positive
halcyon positive
hale positive
halfhearted negative
halfheartedly negative
hallowed positive
hallucinate negative
hallucination negative
hamper negative
hamstring negative
hamstrung negative
handicapped negative
handily positive
handsome positive
handy positive
hanker positive
haphazard negative
hapless negative
happily positive
happiness positive
happy positive
harangue negative
harass negative
harassment negative
harboring negative
harbors negative
hard negative
hard-hit negative
hard-line negative
hard-liner negative
hard-working positive
hardball negative
harden negative
hardened negative
hardheaded negative
hardhearted negative
hardier positive
hardliner negative
hardliners negative
hardly negative
hardship negative
hardships negative
hardy positive
harm negative
harmful negative
harmless positive
harmonious positive
harmoniously positive
harmonize positive
harmony positive
harms negative
harpy negative
harridan negative
harried negative
harrow negative
harsh negative
harshly negative
hassle negative
haste negative
hasty negative
hate negative
hateful negative
hatefully negative
hatefulness negative
hater negative
hatred negative
haughtily negative
haughty negative
haunt negative
haunting negative
haven positive
havoc negative
hawkish negative
hazard negative
hazardous negative
hazy negative
headache negative
headaches negative
headway positive
heady positive
heal positive
healthful positive
healthy positive
heart positive
heartbreak negative
heartbreaker negative
heartbreaking negative
heartbreakingly negative
hearten positive
heartening positive
heartfelt positive
heartily positive
heartless negative
heartrending negative
heartwarming positive
heathen negative
heaven positive
heavenly positive
heavily negative
heavy-handed negative
heavyhearted negative
heck negative
heckle negative
hectic negative
hedge negative
hedonistic negative
heedless negative
hegemonism negative
hegemonistic negative
hegemony negative
heinous negative
hell negative
hell-bent negative
hellion negative
help positive
helpful positive
helpless negative
helplessly negative
helplessness negative
herald positive
heresy negative
heretic negative
heretical negative
hero positive
heroic positive
heroically positive
heroine positive
heroize positive
heros positive
hesitant negative
hideous negative
hideously negative
hideousness negative
high-quality positive
highlight positive
hilarious positive
hilariously positive
hilariousness positive
hilarity positive
hinder negative
hindrance negative
historic positive
hoard negative
hoax negative
hobble negative
hole negative
hollow negative
holy positive
homage positive
honest positive
honestly positive
honesty positive
honeymoon positive
honor positive
honorable positive
hoodwink negative
hope positive
hopeful positive
hopefully positive
hopefulness positive
hopeless negative
hopelessly negative
hopelessness negative
hopes positive
horde negative
horrendous negative
horrendously negative
horrible negative
horribly negative
horrid negative
horrific negative
horrifically negative
horrify negative
horrifying negative
horrifyingly negative
horror negative
horrors negative
hospitable positive
hostage negative
hostile negative
hostilities negative
hostility negative
hot positive
hotbeds negative
hothead negative
hotheaded negative
hothouse negative
hubris negative
huckster negative
hug positive
humane positive
humanists positive
humanity positive
humankind positive
humble positive
humbling negative
humiliate negative
humiliating negative
humiliation negative
humility positive
humor positive
humorous positive
humorously positive
humour positive
humourous positive
hunger negative
hungry negative
hurt negative
hurtful negative
hustler negative
hypocrisy negative
hypocrite negative
hypocrites negative
hypocritical negative
hypocritically negative
hysteria negative
hysteric negative
hysterical negative
hysterically negative
hysterics negative
icy negative
ideal positive
idealism positive
idealist positive
idealize positive
ideally positive
idiocies negative
idiocy negative
idiot negative
idiotic negative
idiotically negative
idiots negative
idle negative
idol positive
idolize positive
idolized positive
idyllic positive
ignoble negative
ignominious negative
ignominiously negative
ignominy negative
ignorance negative
ignorant negative
ignore negative
ill negative
ill-advised negative
ill-conceived negative
ill-fated negative
ill-favored negative
ill-mannered negative
ill-natured negative
ill-sorted negative
ill-tempered negative
ill-treated negative
ill-treatment negative
ill-usage negative
ill-used negative
illegal negative
illegally negative
illegitimate negative
illicit negative
illiquid negative
illiterate negative
illness negative
illogic negative
illogical negative
illogically negative
illuminate positive
illuminati positive
illuminating positive
illumine positive
illusion negative
illusions negative
illusory negative
illustrious positive
imaginary negative
imaginative positive
imbalance negative
imbecile negative
imbroglio negative
immaculate positive
immaculately positive
immaterial negative
immature negative
imminence negative
imminent negative
imminently negative
immobilized negative
immoderate negative
immoderately negative
immodest negative
immoral negative
immorality negative
immorally negative
immovable negative
impair negative
impaired negative
impartial positive
impartiality positive
impartially positive
impasse negative
impassioned positive
impassive negative
impatience negative
impatient negative
impatiently negative
impeach negative
impeccable positive
impeccably positive
impedance negative
impede negative
impediment negative
impel positive
impending negative
impenitent negative
imperfect negative
imperfectly negative
imperial positive
imperialist negative
imperil negative
imperious negative
imperiously negative
impermissible negative
impersonal negative
impertinent negative
imperturbable positive
impervious positive
impetuous negative
impetuously negative
impetus positive
impiety negative
impinge negative
impious negative
implacable negative
implausible negative
implausibly negative
implicate negative
implication negative
implode negative
impolite negative
impolitely negative
impolitic negative
importance positive
important positive
importantly positive
importunate negative
importune negative
impose negative
imposers negative
imposing negative
imposition negative
impossible negative
impossiblity negative
impossibly negative
impotent negative
impoverish negative
impoverished negative
impractical negative
imprecate negative
imprecise negative
imprecisely negative
imprecision negative
impregnable positive
impress positive
impression positive
impressions positive
impressive positive
impressively positive
impressiveness positive
imprison negative
imprisonment negative
improbability negative
improbable negative
improbably negative
improper negative
improperly negative
impropriety negative
improve positive
improved positive
improvement positive
improving positive
improvise positive
imprudence negative
imprudent negative
impudence negative
impudent negative
impudently negative
impugn negative
impulsive negative
impulsively negative
impunity negative
impure negative
impurity negative
inability negative
inaccessible negative
inaccuracies negative
inaccuracy negative
inaccurate negative
inaccurately negative
inaction negative
inactive negative
inadequacy negative
inadequate negative
inadequately negative
inadverent negative
inadverently negative
inadvisable negative
inadvisably negative
inalienable positive
inane negative
inanely negative
inappropriate negative
inappropriately negative
inapt negative
inaptitude negative
inarticulate negative
inattentive negative
incapable negative
incapably negative
incautious negative
incendiary negative
incense negative
incessant negative
incessantly negative
incisive positive
incisively positive
incisiveness positive
incite negative
incitement negative
incivility negative
inclement negative
inclination positive
inclinations positive
inclined positive
inclusive positive
incognizant negative
incoherence negative
incoherent negative
incoherently negative
incommensurate negative
incomparable negative
incomparably negative
incompatibility negative
incompatible negative
incompetence negative
incompetent negative
incompetently negative
incomplete negative
incompliant negative
incomprehensible negative
incomprehension negative
inconceivable negative
inconceivably negative
inconclusive negative
incongruous negative
incongruously negative
inconsequent negative
inconsequential negative
inconsequentially negative
inconsequently negative
inconsiderate negative
inconsiderately negative
inconsistence negative
inconsistencies negative
inconsistency negative
inconsistent negative
inconsolable negative
inconsolably negative
inconstant negative
incontestable positive
incontrovertible positive
inconvenience negative
inconvenient negative
inconveniently negative
incorrect negative
incorrectly negative
incorrigible negative
incorrigibly negative
incorruptible positive
incredible positive
incredibly positive
incredulous negative
incredulously negative
inculcate negative
indebted positive
indecency negative
indecent negative
indecently negative
indecision negative
indecisive negative
indecisively negative
indecorum negative
indefatigable positive
indefensible negative
indefinite negative
indefinitely negative
indelible positive
indelibly positive
indelicate negative
independence positive
independent positive
indescribable positive
indescribably positive
indestructible positive
indeterminable negative
indeterminably negative
indeterminate negative
indifference negative
indifferent negative
indigent negative
indignant negative
indignantly negative
indignation negative
indignity negative
indiscernible negative
indiscreet negative
indiscreetly negative
indiscretion negative
indiscriminate negative
indiscriminately negative
indiscriminating negative
indispensability positive
indispensable positive
indisposed negative
indisputable positive
indistinct negative
indistinctive negative
individuality positive
indoctrinate negative
indoctrination negative
indolent negative
indomitable positive
indomitably positive
indubitable positive
indubitably positive
indulge negative
indulgence positive
indulgent positive
industrious positive
ineffective negative
ineffectively negative
ineffectiveness negative
ineffectual negative
ineffectually negative
ineffectualness negative
inefficacious negative
inefficacy negative
inefficiency negative
inefficient negative
inefficiently negative
inelegance negative
inelegant negative
ineligible negative
ineloquent negative
ineloquently negative
inept negative
ineptitude negative
ineptly negative
inequalities negative
inequality negative
inequitable negative
inequitably negative
inequities negative
inertia negative
inescapable negative
inescapably negative
inessential negative
inestimable positive
inestimably positive
inevitable negative
inevitably negative
inexact negative
inexcusable negative
inexcusably negative
inexorable negative
inexorably negative
inexpensive positive
inexperience negative
inexperienced negative
inexpert negative
inexpertly negative
inexpiable negative
inexplainable negative
inexplicable negative
inextricable negative
inextricably negative
infallibility positive
infallible positive
infallibly positive
infamous negative
infamously negative
infamy negative
infected negative
inferior negative
inferiority negative
infernal negative
infest negative
infested negative
infidel negative
infidels negative
infiltrator negative
infiltrators negative
infirm negative
inflame negative
inflammatory negative
inflated negative
inflationary negative
inflexible negative
inflict negative
influential positive
informative positive
infraction negative
infringe negative
infringement negative
infringements negative
infuriate negative
infuriated negative
infuriating negative
infuriatingly negative
ingenious positive
ingeniously positive
ingenuity positive
ingenuous positive
ingenuously positive
inglorious negative
ingrate negative
ingratiate positive
ingratiating positive
ingratiatingly positive
ingratitude negative
inhibit negative
inhibition negative
inhospitable negative
inhospitality negative
inhuman negative
inhumane negative
inhumanity negative
inimical negative
inimically negative
iniquitous negative
iniquity negative
injudicious negative
injure negative
injurious negative
injury negative
injustice negative
injustices negative
innocence positive
innocent positive
innocently positive
innocuous positive
innovation positive
innovative positive
innuendo negative
inoffensive positive
inopportune negative
inordinate negative
inordinately negative
inquisitive positive
insane negative
insanely negative
insanity negative
insatiable negative
insecure negative
insecurity negative
insensible negative
insensitive negative
insensitively negative
insensitivity negative
insidious negative
insidiously negative
insight positive
insightful positive
insightfully positive
insignificance negative
insignificant negative
insignificantly negative
insincere negative
insincerely negative
insincerity negative
insinuate negative
insinuating negative
insinuation negative
insist positive
insistence positive
insistent positive
insistently positive
insociable negative
insolence negative
insolent negative
insolently negative
insolvent negative
insouciance negative
inspiration positive
inspirational positive
inspire positive
inspiring positive
instability negative
instable negative
instigate negative
instigator negative
instigators negative
instructive positive
instrumental positive
insubordinate negative
insubstantial negative
insubstantially negative
insufferable negative
insufferably negative
insufficiency negative
insufficient negative
insufficiently negative
insular negative
insult negative
insulted negative
insulting negative
insultingly negative
insupportable negative
insupportably negative
insurmountable negative
insurmountably negative
insurrection negative
intact positive
integral positive
integrity positive
intelligence positive
intelligent positive
intelligible positive
intercede positive
interest positive
interested positive
interesting positive
interests positive
interfere negative
interference negative
intermittent negative
interrupt negative
interruption negative
intimacy positive
intimate positive
intimidate negative
intimidating negative
intimidatingly negative
intimidation negative
intolerable negative
intolerablely negative
intolerance negative
intolerant negative
intoxicate negative
intractable negative
intransigence negative
intransigent negative
intricate positive
intrigue positive
intriguing positive
intriguingly positive
intrude negative
intrusion negative
intrusive negative
intuitive positive
inundate negative
inundated negative
invader negative
invalid negative
invalidate negative
invalidity negative
invaluable positive
invaluablely positive
invasive negative
invective negative
inveigle negative
inventive positive
invidious negative
invidiously negative
invidiousness negative
invigorate positive
invigorating positive
invincibility positive
invincible positive
inviolable positive
inviolate positive
involuntarily negative
involuntary negative
invulnerable positive
irate negative
irately negative
ire negative
irk negative
irksome negative
ironic negative
ironies negative
irony negative
irrational negative
irrationality negative
irrationally negative
irreconcilable negative
irredeemable negative
irredeemably negative
irreformable negative
irrefutable positive
irrefutably positive
irregular negative
irregularity negative
irrelevance negative
irrelevant negative
irreparable negative
irreplacible negative
irrepressible negative
irreproachable positive
irresistible positive
irresistibly positive
irresolute negative
irresolvable negative
irresponsible negative
irresponsibly negative
irretrievable negative
irreverence negative
irreverent negative
irreverently negative
irreversible negative
irritable negative
irritably negative
irritant negative
irritate negative
irritated negative
irritating negative
irritation negative
isolate negative
isolated negative
isolation negative
itch negative
jabber negative
jaded negative
jam negative
jar negative
jaundiced negative
jauntily positive
jaunty positive
jealous negative
jealously negative
jealousness negative
jealousy negative
jeer negative
jeering negative
jeeringly negative
jeers negative
jeopardize negative
jeopardy negative
jerk negative
jest positive
jittery negative
jobless negative
joke positive
joker negative
jollify positive
jolly positive
jolt negative
jovial positive
joy positive
joyful positive
joyfully positive
joyless positive
joyous positive
joyously positive
jubilant positive
jubilantly positive
jubilate positive
jubilation positive
judicious positive
jumpy negative
junk negative
junky negative
just positive
justice positive
justifiable positive
justifiably positive
justification positive
justify positive
justly positive
juvenile negative
kaput negative
keen positive
keenly positive
keenness positive
kemp positive
kick negative
kid positive
kill negative
killer negative
killjoy negative
kind positive
kindliness positive
kindly positive
kindness positive
kingmaker positive
kiss positive
knave negative
knife negative
knock negative
knowledgeable positive
kook negative
kooky negative
lack negative
lackadaisical negative
lackey negative
lackeys negative
lacking negative
lackluster negative
laconic negative
lag negative
lambast negative
lambaste negative
lame negative
lame-duck negative
lament negative
lamentable negative
lamentably negative
languid negative
languish negative
languor negative
languorous negative
languorously negative
lanky negative
lapse negative
large positive
lark positive
lascivious negative
last-ditch negative
laud positive
laudable positive
laudably positive
laugh negative
laughable negative
laughably negative
laughingstock negative
laughter negative
lavish positive
lavishly positive
law-abiding positive
lawbreaker negative
lawbreaking negative
lawful positive
lawfully positive
lawless negative
lawlessness negative
lax negative
lazy negative
leading positive
leak negative
leakage negative
leaky negative
lean positive
learned positive
learning positive
least negative
lech negative
lecher negative
lecherous negative
lechery negative
lecture negative
leech negative
leer negative
leery negative
left-leaning negative
legendary positive
legitimacy positive
legitimate positive
legitimately positive
lenient positive
leniently positive
less negative
less-developed negative
less-expensive positive
lessen negative
lesser negative
lesser-known negative
letch negative
lethal negative
lethargic negative
lethargy negative
leverage positive
levity positive
lewd negative
lewdly negative
lewdness negative
liability negative
liable negative
liar negative
liars negative
liberal positive
liberalism positive
liberally positive
liberate positive
liberation positive
liberty positive
licentious negative
licentiously negative
licentiousness negative
lie negative
lier negative
lies negative
life-threatening negative
lifeblood positive
lifeless negative
lifelong positive
light positive
light-hearted positive
lighten positive
likable positive
like positive
liking positive
limit negative
limitation negative
limited negative
limp negative
lionhearted positive
listless negative
literate positive
litigious negative
little negative
little-known negative
live positive
lively positive
livid negative
lividly negative
loath negative
loathe negative
loathing negative
loathly negative
loathsome negative
loathsomely negative
lofty positive
logical positive
lone negative
loneliness negative
lonely negative
lonesome negative
long negative
longing negative
longingly negative
loophole negative
loopholes negative
loot negative
lorn negative
lose negative
loser negative
losing negative
loss negative
lost negative
lousy negative
lovable positive
lovably positive
love positive
loveless negative
loveliness positive
lovelorn negative
lovely positive
lover positive
low negative
low-cost positive
low-rated negative
low-risk positive
lower-priced positive
lowly negative
loyal positive
loyalty positive
lucid positive
lucidly positive
luck positive
luckier positive
luckiest positive
luckily positive
luckiness positive
lucky positive
lucrative positive
ludicrous negative
ludicrously negative
lugubrious negative
lukewarm negative
lull negative
luminous positive
lunatic negative
lunaticism negative
lurch negative
lure negative
lurid negative
lurk negative
lurking negative
lush positive
luster positive
lustrous positive
luxuriant positive
luxuriate positive
luxurious positive
luxuriously positive
luxury positive
lying negative
lyrical positive
macabre negative
mad negative
madden negative
maddening negative
maddeningly negative
madder negative
madly negative
madman negative
madness negative
magic positive
magical positive
magnanimous positive
magnanimously positive
magnetic positive
magnificence positive
magnificent positive
magnificently positive
magnify positive
majestic positive
majesty positive
maladjusted negative
maladjustment negative
malady negative
malaise negative
malcontent negative
malcontented negative
maledict negative
malevolence negative
malevolent negative
malevolently negative
malice negative
malicious negative
maliciously negative
maliciousness negative
malign negative
malignant negative
malodorous negative
maltreatment negative
manageable positive
maneuver negative
mangle negative
mania negative
maniac negative
maniacal negative
manic negative
manifest positive
manipulate negative
manipulation negative
manipulative negative
manipulators negative
manly positive
mannerly positive
mar negative
marginal negative
marginally negative
martyrdom negative
martyrdom-seeking negative
marvel positive
marvellous positive
marvelous positive
marvelously positive
marvelousness positive
marvels positive
massacre negative
massacres negative
master positive
masterful positive
masterfully positive
masterpiece positive
masterpieces positive
masters positive
mastery positive
matchless positive
mature positive
maturely positive
maturity positive
maverick negative
mawkish negative
mawkishly negative
mawkishness negative
maxi-devaluation negative
maximize positive
meager negative
mean negative
meaningful positive
meaningless negative
meanness negative
meddle negative
meddlesome negative
mediocre negative
mediocrity negative
meek positive
melancholy negative
mellow positive
melodramatic negative
melodramatically negative
memorable positive
memorialize positive
menace negative
menacing negative
menacingly negative
mend positive
mendacious negative
mendacity negative
menial negative
mentor positive
merciful positive
mercifully positive
merciless negative
mercilessly negative
mercy positive
mere negative
merely negative
merit positive
meritorious positive
merrily positive
merriment positive
merriness positive
merry positive
mesmerize positive
mesmerizing positive
mesmerizingly positive
mess negative
messy negative
meticulous positive
meticulously positive
midget negative
miff negative
might positive
mightily positive
mighty positive
mild positive
militancy negative
mind negative
mindful positive
mindless negative
mindlessly negative
minister positive
miracle positive
miracles positive
miraculous positive
miraculously positive
miraculousness positive
mirage negative
mire negative
mirth positive
misapprehend negative
misbecome negative
misbecoming negative
misbegotten negative
misbehave negative
misbehavior negative
miscalculate negative
miscalculation negative
mischief negative
mischievous negative
mischievously negative
misconception negative
misconceptions negative
miscreant negative
miscreants negative
misdirection negative
miser negative
miserable negative
miserableness negative
miserably negative
miseries negative
miserly negative
misery negative
misfit negative
misfortune negative
misgiving negative
misgivings negative
misguidance negative
misguide negative
misguided negative
mishandle negative
mishap negative
misinform negative
misinformed negative
misinterpret negative
misjudge negative
misjudgment negative
mislead negative
misleading negative
misleadingly negative
mislike negative
mismanage negative
misread negative
misreading negative
misrepresent negative
misrepresentation negative
miss negative
misstatement negative
mistake negative
mistaken negative
mistakenly negative
mistakes negative
mistified negative
mistrust negative
mistrustful negative
mistrustfully negative
misunderstand negative
misunderstanding negative
misunderstandings negative
misunderstood negative
misuse negative
moan negative
mock negative
mockeries negative
mockery negative
mocking negative
mockingly negative
moderate positive
moderation positive
modern positive
modest positive
modesty positive
molest negative
molestation negative
mollify positive
momentous positive
monotonous negative
monotony negative
monster negative
monstrosities negative
monstrosity negative
monstrous negative
monstrously negative
monumental positive
monumentally positive
moody negative
moon negative
moot negative
mope negative
moral positive
morality positive
moralize positive
morbid negative
morbidly negative
mordant negative
mordantly negative
moribund negative
mortification negative
mortified negative
mortify negative
mortifying negative
motionless negative
motivate positive
motivated positive
motivation positive
motley negative
mourn negative
mourner negative
mournful negative
mournfully negative
moving positive
muddle negative
muddy negative
mudslinger negative
mudslinging negative
mulish negative
multi-polarization negative
mundane negative
murder negative
murderous negative
murderously negative
murky negative
muscle-flexing negative
myriad positive
mysterious negative
mysteriously negative
mystery negative
mystify negative
myth negative
nag negative
nagging negative
naive negative
naively negative
narrow negative
narrower negative
nastily negative
nastiness negative
nasty negative
nationalism negative
natural positive
naturally positive
naughty negative
nauseate negative
nauseating negative
nauseatingly negative
navigable positive
neat positive
neatly positive
nebulous negative
nebulously negative
necessarily positive
necessary positive
need negative
needless negative
needlessly negative
needy negative
nefarious negative
nefariously negative
negate negative
negation negative
negative negative
neglect negative
neglected negative
negligence negative
negligent negative
negligible negative
nemesis negative
nervous negative
nervously negative
nervousness negative
nettle negative
nettlesome negative
neurotic negative
neurotically negative
neutralize positive
nice positive
nicely positive
nifty positive
niggle negative
nightmare negative
nightmarish negative
nightmarishly negative
nimble positive
nix negative
noble positive
nobly positive
noisy negative
non-confidence negative
non-violence positive
non-violent positive
nonexistent negative
nonsense negative
normal positive
nosey negative
notable positive
notably positive
noteworthy positive
noticeable positive
notorious negative
notoriously negative
nourish positive
nourishing positive
nourishment positive
novel positive
nuisance negative
numb negative
nurture positive
nurturing positive
oasis positive
obedience positive
obedient positive
obediently positive
obese negative
obey positive
object negative
objection negative
objectionable negative
objections negative
objective positive
objectively positive
obliged positive
oblique negative
obliterate negative
obliterated negative
oblivious negative
obnoxious negative
obnoxiously negative
obscene negative
obscenely negative
obscenity negative
obscure negative
obscurity negative
obsess negative
obsession negative
obsessions negative
obsessive negative
obsessively negative
obsessiveness negative
obsolete negative
obstacle negative
obstinate negative
obstinately negative
obstruct negative
obstruction negative
obtrusive negative
obtuse negative
obviate positive
obviously negative
odd negative
odder negative
oddest negative
oddities negative
oddity negative
oddly negative
offbeat positive
offence negative
offend negative
offending negative
offenses negative
offensive negative
offensively negative
offensiveness negative
officious negative
offset positive
okay positive
ominous negative
ominously negative
omission negative
omit negative
one-side negative
one-sided negative
onerous negative
onerously negative
onslaught negative
onward positive
open positive
openly positive
openness positive
opinionated negative
opponent negative
opportune positive
opportunistic negative
opportunity positive
oppose negative
opposition negative
oppositions negative
oppress negative
oppression negative
oppressive negative
oppressively negative
oppressiveness negative
oppressors negative
optimal positive
optimism positive
optimistic positive
opulent positive
ordeal negative
orderly positive
original positive
originality positive
orphan negative
ostracize negative
outbreak negative
outburst negative
outbursts negative
outcast negative
outcry negative
outdated negative
outdo positive
outgoing positive
outlaw negative
outmoded negative
outrage negative
outraged negative
outrageous negative
outrageously negative
outrageousness negative
outrages negative
outshine positive
outsider negative
outsmart positive
outstanding positive
outstandingly positive
outstrip positive
outwit positive
ovation positive
over-acted negative
over-valuation negative
overachiever positive
overact negative
overacted negative
overawe negative
overbalance negative
overbalanced negative
overbearing negative
overbearingly negative
overblown negative
overcome negative
overdo negative
overdone negative
overdue negative
overemphasize negative
overjoyed positive
overkill negative
overlook negative
overplay negative
overpower negative
overreach negative
overrun negative
overshadow negative
oversight negative
oversimplification negative
oversimplified negative
oversimplify negative
oversized negative
overstate negative
overstatement negative
overstatements negative
overtaxed negative
overthrow negative
overture positive
overturn negative
overwhelm negative
overwhelming negative
overwhelmingly negative
overworked negative
overzealous negative
overzealously negative
pacifist positive
pacifists positive
pain negative
painful negative
painfully negative
painless positive
painlessly positive
pains negative
painstaking positive
painstakingly positive
palatable positive
palatial positive
pale negative
palliate positive
paltry negative
pamper positive
pan negative
pandemonium negative
panic negative
panicky negative
paradise positive
paradoxical negative
paradoxically negative
paralize negative
paralyzed negative
paramount positive
paranoia negative
paranoid negative
parasite negative
pardon positive
pariah negative
parody negative
partiality negative
partisan negative
partisans negative
passe negative
passion positive
passionate positive
passionately positive
passive negative
passiveness negative
pathetic negative
pathetically negative
patience positive
patient positive
patiently positive
patriot positive
patriotic positive
patronize negative
paucity negative
pauper negative
paupers negative
payback negative
peace positive
peaceable positive
peaceful positive
peacefully positive
peacekeepers positive
peculiar negative
peculiarly negative
pedantic negative
pedestrian negative
peerless positive
peeve negative
peeved negative
peevish negative
peevishly negative
penalize negative
penalty negative
penetrating positive
penitent positive
perceptive positive
perfect positive
perfection positive
perfectly positive
perfidious negative
perfidity negative
perfunctory negative
peril negative
perilous negative
perilously negative
peripheral negative
perish negative
permissible positive
pernicious negative
perplex negative
perplexed negative
perplexing negative
perplexity negative
persecute negative
persecution negative
perseverance positive
persevere positive
persistent positive
personages positive
personality positive
perspicuous positive
perspicuously positive
persuade positive
persuasive positive
persuasively positive
pertinacious negative
pertinaciously negative
pertinacity negative
pertinent positive
perturb negative
perturbed negative
pervasive negative
perverse negative
perversely negative
perversion negative
perversity negative
pervert negative
perverted negative
pessimism negative
pessimistic negative
pessimistically negative
pest negative
pestilent negative
petrified negative
petrify negative
pettifog negative
petty negative
phenomenal positive
phenomenally positive
phobia negative
phobic negative
phony negative
picky negative
picturesque positive
piety positive
pillage negative
pillar positive
pillory negative
pinch negative
pine negative
pinnacle positive
pious positive
pique negative
pithy positive
pitiable negative
pitiful negative
pitifully negative
pitiless negative
pitilessly negative
pittance negative
pity negative
placate positive
placid positive
plagiarize negative
plague negative
plain positive
plainly positive
plausibility positive
plausible positive
playful positive
playfully positive
plaything negative
plea negative
pleas negative
pleasant positive
pleasantly positive
please positive
pleased positive
pleasing positive
pleasingly positive
pleasurable positive
pleasurably positive
pleasure positive
plebeian negative
pledge positive
pledges positive
plentiful positive
plenty positive
plight negative
plot negative
plotters negative
ploy negative
plunder negative
plunderer negative
plush positive
poetic positive
poeticize positive
poignant positive
pointless negative
pointlessly negative
poise positive
poised positive
poison negative
poisonous negative
poisonously negative
polarisation negative
polemize negative
polished positive
polite positive
politeness positive
pollute negative
polluter negative
polluters negative
polution negative
pompous negative
poor negative
poorly negative
popular positive
popularity positive
portable positive
posh positive
positive positive
positively positive
positiveness positive
posterity positive
posturing negative
potent positive
potential positive
pout negative
poverty negative
powerful positive
powerfully positive
powerless negative
practicable positive
practical positive
pragmatic positive
praise positive
praiseworthy positive
praising positive
prate negative
pratfall negative
prattle negative
pre-eminent positive
preach positive
preaching positive
precarious negative
precariously negative
precaution positive
precautions positive
precedent positive
precious positive
precipitate negative
precipitous negative
precise positive
precisely positive
precision positive
predatory negative
predicament negative
preeminent positive
preemptive positive
prefer positive
preferable positive
preferably positive
preference positive
preferences positive
prejudge negative
prejudice negative
prejudicial negative
premeditated negative
premier positive
premium positive
preoccupy negative
prepared positive
preponderance positive
preposterous negative
preposterously negative
press positive
pressing negative
prestige positive
prestigious positive
presume negative
presumptuous negative
presumptuously negative
pretence negative
pretend negative
pretense negative
pretentious negative
pretentiously negative
prettily positive
pretty positive
prevaricate negative
priceless positive
pricey negative
prickle negative
prickles negative
pride positive
prideful negative
primitive negative
principle positive
principled positive
prison negative
prisoner negative
privilege positive
privileged positive
prize positive
pro positive
pro-American positive
pro-Beijing positive
pro-Cuba positive
pro-peace positive
proactive positive
problem negative
problematic negative
problems negative
procrastinate negative
procrastination negative
prodigious positive
prodigiously positive
prodigy positive
productive positive
profane negative
profanity negative
profess positive
proficient positive
proficiently positive
profit positive
profitable positive
profound positive
profoundly positive
profuse positive
profusely positive
profusion positive
progress positive
progressive positive
prohibit negative
prohibitive negative
prohibitively negative
prolific positive
prominence positive
prominent positive
promise positive
promising positive
promoter positive
prompt positive
promptly positive
propaganda negative
propagandize negative
proper positive
properly positive
propitious positive
propitiously positive
proscription negative
proscriptions negative
prosecute negative
prospect positive
prospects positive
prosper positive
prosperity positive
prosperous positive
protect positive
protection positive
protective positive
protector positive
protest negative
protests negative
protracted negative
proud positive
providence positive
provocation negative
provocative negative
provoke negative
prowess positive
prudence positive
prudent positive
prudently positive
pry negative
pugnacious negative
pugnaciously negative
pugnacity negative
punch negative
punctual positive
pundits positive
punish negative
punishable negative
punitive negative
puny negative
puppet negative
puppets negative
pure positive
purification positive
purify positive
purity positive
purposeful positive
puzzle negative
puzzled negative
puzzlement negative
puzzling negative
quack negative
quaint positive
qualified positive
qualify positive
qualms negative
quandary negative
quarrel negative
quarrellous negative
quarrellously negative
quarrels negative
quarrelsome negative
quash negative
quasi-ally positive
queer negative
quench positive
questionable negative
quibble negative
quicken positive
quit negative
quitter negative
racism negative
racist negative
racists negative
rack negative
radiance positive
radiant positive
radical negative
radicalization negative
radically negative
radicals negative
rage negative
ragged negative
raging negative
rail negative
rally positive
rampage negative
rampant negative
ramshackle negative
rancor negative
rank negative
rankle negative
rant negative
ranting negative
rantingly negative
rapport positive
rapprochement positive
rapt positive
rapture positive
raptureous positive
raptureously positive
rapturous positive
rapturously positive
rascal negative
rash negative
rat negative
rational positive
rationality positive
rationalize negative
rattle negative
ravage negative
rave positive
raving negative
re-conquest positive
reactionary negative
readily positive
ready positive
reaffirm positive
reaffirmation positive
real positive
realist positive
realistic positive
realistically positive
reason positive
reasonable positive
reasonably positive
reasoned positive
reassurance positive
reassure positive
rebellious negative
rebuff negative
rebuke negative
recalcitrant negative
recant negative
receptive positive
recession negative
recessionary negative
reckless negative
recklessly negative
recklessness negative
reclaim positive
recognition positive
recoil negative
recommend positive
recommendation positive
recommendations positive
recommended positive
recompense positive
reconcile positive
reconciliation positive
record-setting positive
recourses negative
recover positive
rectification positive
rectify positive
rectifying positive
redeem positive
redeeming positive
redemption positive
redundancy negative
redundant negative
reestablish positive
refine positive
refined positive
refinement positive
reform positive
refresh positive
refreshing positive
refuge positive
refusal negative
refuse negative
refutation negative
refute negative
regal positive
regally positive
regard positive
regress negative
regression negative
regressive negative
regret negative
regretful negative
regretfully negative
regrettable negative
regrettably negative
rehabilitate positive
rehabilitation positive
reinforce positive
reinforcement positive
reject negative
rejection negative
rejoice positive
rejoicing positive
rejoicingly positive
relapse negative
relax positive
relaxed positive
relent positive
relentless negative
relentlessly negative
relentlessness negative
relevance positive
relevant positive
reliability positive
reliable positive
reliably positive
relief positive
relieve positive
relish positive
reluctance negative
reluctant negative
reluctantly negative
remarkable positive
remarkably positive
remedy positive
reminiscent positive
remorse negative
remorseful negative
remorsefully negative
remorseless negative
remorselessly negative
remorselessness negative
remunerate positive
renaissance positive
renewal positive
renounce negative
renovate positive
renovation positive
renown positive
renowned positive
renunciation negative
repair positive
reparation positive
repay positive
repel negative
repent positive
repentance positive
repetitive negative
reprehensible negative
reprehensibly negative
reprehension negative
reprehensive negative
repress negative
repression negative
repressive negative
reprimand negative
reproach negative
reproachful negative
reprove negative
reprovingly negative
repudiate negative
repudiation negative
repugn negative
repugnance negative
repugnant negative
repugnantly negative
repulse negative
repulsed negative
repulsing negative
repulsive negative
repulsively negative
repulsiveness negative
reputable positive
rescue positive
resent negative
resentful negative
resentment negative
reservations negative
resignation negative
resigned negative
resilient positive
resistance negative
resistant negative
resolute positive
resolve positive
resolved positive
resound positive
resounding positive
resourceful positive
resourcefulness positive
respect positive
respectable positive
respectful positive
respectfully positive
respite positive
resplendent positive
responsibility positive
responsible positive
responsibly positive
responsive positive
restful positive
restless negative
restlessness negative
restoration positive
restore positive
restraint positive
restrict negative
restricted negative
restriction negative
restrictive negative
resurgent positive
retaliate negative
retaliatory negative
retard negative
reticent negative
retire negative
retract negative
retreat negative
reunite positive
revel positive
revelation positive
revenge negative
revengeful negative
revengefully negative
revere positive
reverence positive
reverent positive
reverently positive
revert negative
revile negative
reviled negative
revitalize positive
revival positive
revive positive
revoke negative
revolt negative
revolting negative
revoltingly negative
revolution positive
revulsion negative
revulsive negative
reward positive
rewarding positive
rewardingly positive
rhapsodize negative
rhetoric negative
rhetorical negative
rich positive
riches positive
richly positive
richness positive
rid negative
ridicule negative
ridiculous negative
ridiculously negative
rife negative
rift negative
rifts negative
right positive
righten positive
righteous positive
righteously positive
righteousness positive
rightful positive
rightfully positive
rightly positive
rightness positive
rights positive
rigid negative
rigor negative
rigorous negative
rile negative
riled negative
ripe positive
risk negative
risk-free positive
risky negative
rival negative
rivalry negative
roadblocks negative
robust positive
rocky negative
rogue negative
rollercoaster negative
romantic positive
romantically positive
romanticize positive
rosy positive
rot negative
rotten negative
rough negative
rousing positive
rubbish negative
rude negative
rue negative
ruffian negative
ruffle negative
ruin negative
ruinous negative
rumbling negative
rumor negative
rumors negative
rumours negative
rumple negative
run-down negative
runaway negative
rupture negative
rusty negative
ruthless negative
ruthlessly negative
ruthlessness negative
sabotage negative
sacred positive
sacrifice negative
sad negative
sadden negative
sadly negative
sadness negative
safe positive
safeguard positive
sag negative
sagacity positive
sage positive
sagely positive
saint positive
saintliness positive
saintly positive
salable positive
salacious negative
salivate positive
salutary positive
salute positive
salvation positive
sanctify positive
sanctimonious negative
sanction positive
sanctity positive
sanctuary positive
sane positive
sanguine positive
sanity positive
sap negative
sarcasm negative
sarcastic negative
sarcastically negative
sardonic negative
sardonically negative
sass negative
satirical negative
satirize negative
satisfaction positive
satisfactorily positive
satisfactory positive
satisfy positive
satisfying positive
savage negative
savaged negative
savagely negative
savagery negative
savages negative
savor positive
savvy positive
scandal negative
scandalize negative
scandalized negative
scandalous negative
scandalously negative
scandals negative
scant negative
scapegoat negative
scar negative
scarce negative
scarcely negative
scarcity negative
scare negative
scared negative
scarier negative
scariest negative
scarily negative
scarred negative
scars negative
scary negative
scathing negative
scathingly negative
scenic positive
scheme negative
scheming negative
scoff negative
scoffingly negative
scold negative
scolding negative
scoldingly negative
scorching negative
scorchingly negative
scorn negative
scornful negative
scornfully negative
scoundrel negative
scourge negative
scowl negative
scream negative
screech negative
screw negative
scruples positive
scrupulous positive
scrupulously positive
scum negative
scummy negative
seamless positive
seasoned positive
second-class negative
second-tier negative
secretive negative
secure positive
securely positive
security positive
sedentary negative
seductive positive
seedy negative
seethe negative
seething negative
selective positive
self-coup negative
self-criticism negative
self-defeating negative
self-destructive negative
self-determination positive
self-humiliation negative
self-interest negative
self-interested negative
self-respect positive
self-satisfaction positive
self-serving negative
self-sufficiency positive
self-sufficient positive
selfinterested negative
selfish negative
selfishly negative
selfishness negative
semblance positive
senile negative
sensation positive
sensational positive
sensationalize negative
sensationally positive
sensations positive
sense positive
senseless negative
senselessly negative
sensible positive
sensibly positive
sensitive positive
sensitively positive
sensitivity positive
sentiment positive
sentimentality positive
sentimentally positive
sentiments positive
serene positive
serenity positive
serious negative
seriously negative
seriousness negative
sermonize negative
servitude negative
set-up negative
settle positive
sever negative
severe negative
severely negative
severity negative
sexy positive
shabby negative
shadow negative
shadowy negative
shady negative
shake negative
shaky negative
shallow negative
sham negative
shambles negative
shame negative
shameful negative
shamefully negative
shamefulness negative
shameless negative
shamelessly negative
shamelessness negative
shark negative
sharp negative
sharply negative
shatter negative
sheer negative
shelter positive
shield positive
shimmer positive
shimmering positive
shimmeringly positive
shine positive
shiny positive
shipwreck negative
shirk negative
shirker negative
shiver negative
shock negative
shocking negative
shockingly negative
shoddy negative
short-lived negative
shortage negative
shortchange negative
shortcoming negative
shortcomings negative
shortsighted negative
shortsightedness negative
showdown negative
shred negative
shrew negative
shrewd positive
shrewdly positive
shrewdness positive
shriek negative
shrill negative
shrilly negative
shrivel negative
shroud negative
shrouded negative
shrug negative
shun negative
shunned negative
shy negative
shyly negative
shyness negative
sick negative
sicken negative
sickening negative
sickeningly negative
sickly negative
sickness negative
sidetrack negative
sidetracked negative
siege negative
significance positive
significant positive
signify positive
sillily negative
silly negative
simmer negative
simple positive
simplicity positive
simplified positive
simplify positive
simplistic negative
simplistically negative
sin negative
sincere positive
sincerely positive
sincerity positive
sinful negative
sinfully negative
sinister negative
sinisterly negative
sinking negative
skeletons negative
skeptical negative
skeptically negative
skepticism negative
sketchy negative
skill positive
skilled positive
skillful positive
skillfully positive
skimpy negative
skittish negative
skittishly negative
skulk negative
skyrocketing negative
slack negative
slander negative
slanderer negative
slanderous negative
slanderously negative
slanders negative
slap negative
slashing negative
slaughter negative
slaughtered negative
slaves negative
sleazy negative
sleek positive
slender positive
slight negative
slightly negative
slim positive
slime negative
sloppily negative
sloppy negative
sloth negative
slothful negative
slow negative
slow-moving negative
slowly negative
slug negative
sluggish negative
slump negative
slur negative
sly negative
smack negative
smart positive
smarter positive
smartest positive
smartly positive
smash negative
smear negative
smelling negative
smile positive
smiling positive
smilingly positive
smitten positive
smokescreen negative
smolder negative
smoldering negative
smooth positive
smother negative
smoulder negative
smouldering negative
smug negative
smugly negative
smut negative
smuttier negative
smuttiest negative
smutty negative
snare negative
snarl negative
snatch negative
sneak negative
sneakily negative
sneaky negative
sneer negative
sneering negative
sneeringly negative
snub negative
so-cal negative
so-called negative
sob negative
sober negative
sobering negative
sociable positive
soft-spoken positive
soften positive
solace positive
solemn negative
solicitous positive
solicitously positive
solicitude positive
solid positive
solidarity positive
somber negative
soothe positive
soothingly positive
sophisticated positive
sore negative
sorely negative
soreness negative
sorrow negative
sorrowful negative
sorrowfully negative
sorry negative
sound positive
sounding negative
soundness positive
sour negative
sourly negative
spacious positive
spade negative
spank negative
spare positive
sparing positive
sparingly positive
sparkle positive
sparkling positive
special positive
spectacular positive
spectacularly positive
speedy positive
spellbind positive
spellbinding positive
spellbindingly positive
spellbound positive
spilling negative
spinster negative
spirit positive
spirited positive
spiritless negative
spiritual positive
spite negative
spiteful negative
spitefully negative
spitefulness negative
splendid positive
splendidly positive
splendor positive
split negative
splitting negative
spoil negative
spook negative
spookier negative
spookiest negative
spookily negative
spooky negative
spoon-fed negative
spoon-feed negative
spoonfed negative
sporadic negative
spot negative
spotless positive
spotty negative
sprightly positive
spur positive
spurious negative
spurn negative
sputter negative
squabble negative
squabbling negative
squander negative
squarely positive
squash negative
squirm negative
stab negative
stability positive
stabilize positive
stable positive
stagger negative
staggering negative
staggeringly negative
stagnant negative
stagnate negative
stagnation negative
staid negative
stain negative
stainless positive
stake negative
stale negative
stalemate negative
stammer negative
stampede negative
stand positive
standstill negative
star positive
stark negative
starkly negative
stars positive
startle negative
startling negative
startlingly negative
starvation negative
starve negative
stately positive
static negative
statuesque positive
staunch positive
staunchly positive
staunchness positive
steadfast positive
steadfastly positive
steadfastness positive
steadiness positive
steady positive
steal negative
stealing negative
steep negative
steeply negative
stellar positive
stellarly positive
stench negative
stereotype negative
stereotypical negative
stereotypically negative
stern negative
stew negative
sticky negative
stiff negative
stifle negative
stifling negative
stiflingly negative
stigma negative
stigmatize negative
stimulate positive
stimulating positive
stimulative positive
sting negative
stinging negative
stingingly negative
stink negative
stinking negative
stirring positive
stirringly positive
stodgy negative
stole negative
stolen negative
stood positive
stooge negative
stooges negative
storm negative
stormy negative
straggle negative
straggler negative
straight positive
straightforward positive
strain negative
strained negative
strange negative
strangely negative
stranger negative
strangest negative
strangle negative
streamlined positive
strenuous negative
stress negative
stressful negative
stressfully negative
stricken negative
strict negative
strictly negative
stride positive
strident negative
stridently negative
strides positive
strife negative
strike negative
striking positive
strikingly positive
stringent negative
stringently negative
striving positive
strong positive
struck negative
struggle negative
strut negative
stubborn negative
stubbornly negative
stubbornness negative
studious positive
studiously positive
stuffy negative
stumble negative
stump negative
stun negative
stunned positive
stunning positive
stunningly positive
stunt negative
stunted negative
stupendous positive
stupendously positive
stupid negative
stupidity negative
stupidly negative
stupified negative
stupify negative
stupor negative
sturdy positive
sty negative
stylish positive
stylishly positive
suave positive
subdued negative
subjected negative
subjection negative
subjugate negative
subjugation negative
sublime positive
submissive negative
subordinate negative
subscribe positive
subservience negative
subservient negative
subside negative
substandard negative
substantial positive
substantially positive
substantive positive
subtle positive
subtract negative
subversion negative
subversive negative
subversively negative
subvert negative
succeed positive
success positive
successful positive
successfully positive
succumb negative
sucker negative
suffer negative
sufferer negative
sufferers negative
suffering negative
suffice positive
sufficient positive
sufficiently positive
suffocate negative
sugar-coat negative
sugar-coated negative
sugarcoated negative
suggest positive
suggestions positive
suicidal negative
suicide negative
suit positive
suitable positive
sulk negative
sullen negative
sully negative
sumptuous positive
sumptuously positive
sumptuousness positive
sunder negative
sunny positive
super positive
superb positive
superbly positive
superficial negative
superficiality negative
superficially negative
superfluous negative
superior positive
superiority negative
superlative positive
superstition negative
superstitious negative
support positive
supporter positive
supportive positive
supposed negative
suppress negative
suppression negative
supremacy negative
supreme positive
supremely positive
supurb positive
supurbly positive
sure positive
surely positive
surge positive
surging positive
surmise positive
surmount positive
surpass positive
surrender negative
survival positive
survive positive
survivor positive
susceptible negative
suspect negative
suspicion negative
suspicions negative
suspicious negative
suspiciously negative
sustainability positive
sustainable positive
sustained positive
swagger negative
swamped negative
swear negative
sweeping positive
sweet positive
sweeten positive
sweetheart positive
sweetly positive
sweetness positive
swift positive
swiftness positive
swindle negative
swipe negative
swoon negative
swore negative
sworn positive
sympathetic negative
sympathetically negative
sympathies negative
sympathize negative
sympathy negative
symptom negative
syndrome negative
taboo negative
tact positive
taint negative
tainted negative
talent positive
talented positive
tamper negative
tangled negative
tantalize positive
tantalizing positive
tantalizingly positive
tantrum negative
tardy negative
tarnish negative
taste positive
tattered negative
taunt negative
taunting negative
tauntingly negative
taunts negative
tawdry negative
taxing negative
tease negative
teasingly negative
tedious negative
tediously negative
temerity negative
temper negative
temperance positive
temperate positive
tempest negative
tempt positive
temptation negative
tempting positive
temptingly positive
tenacious positive
tenaciously positive
tenacity positive
tender positive
tenderly positive
tenderness positive
tense negative
tension negative
tentative negative
tentatively negative
tenuous negative
tenuously negative
tepid negative
terrible negative
terribleness negative
terribly negative
terrific positive
terrifically positive
terrified positive
terrify positive
terrifying positive
terrifyingly positive
terror negative
terror-genic negative
terrorism negative
terrorize negative
thank positive
thankful positive
thankfully positive
thankless negative
thinkable positive
thirst negative
thorny negative
thorough positive
thoughtful positive
thoughtfully positive
thoughtfulness positive
thoughtless negative
thoughtlessly negative
thoughtlessness negative
thrash negative
threat negative
threaten negative
threatening negative
threats negative
thrift positive
thrifty positive
thrill positive
thrilling positive
thrillingly positive
thrills positive
thrive positive
thriving positive
throttle negative
throw negative
thumb negative
thumbs negative
thwart negative
tickle positive
tidy positive
time-honored positive
timely positive
timid negative
timidity negative
timidly negative
timidness negative
tingle positive
tiny negative
tire negative
tired negative
tiresome negative
tiring negative
tiringly negative
titillate positive
titillating positive
titillatingly positive
toast positive
togetherness positive
toil negative
tolerable positive
tolerably positive
tolerance positive
tolerant positive
tolerantly positive
tolerate positive
toleration positive
toll negative
too negative
top positive
topple negative
torment negative
tormented negative
torrent negative
torrid positive
torridly positive
tortuous negative
torture negative
tortured negative
torturous negative
torturously negative
totalitarian negative
touchy negative
toughness negative
toxic negative
tradition positive
traditional positive
traduce negative
tragedy negative
tragic negative
tragically negative
traitor negative
traitorous negative
traitorously negative
tramp negative
trample negative
tranquil positive
tranquility positive
transgress negative
transgression negative
trauma negative
traumatic negative
traumatically negative
traumatize negative
traumatized negative
travesties negative
travesty negative
treacherous negative
treacherously negative
treachery negative
treason negative
treasonous negative
treasure positive
treat positive
tremendous positive
tremendously positive
trendy positive
trepidation positive
trial negative
tribute positive
trick negative
trickery negative
tricky negative
trim positive
triumph positive
triumphal positive
triumphant positive
triumphantly positive
trivial negative
trivialize negative
trivially negative
trouble negative
troublemaker negative
troublesome negative
troublesomely negative
troubling negative
troublingly negative
truant negative
truculent positive
truculently positive
true positive
truly positive
trump positive
trumpet positive
trust positive
trusting positive
trustingly positive
trustworthiness positive
trustworthy positive
truth positive
truthful positive
truthfully positive
truthfulness positive
try negative
trying negative
tumultuous negative
turbulent negative
turmoil negative
twinkly positive
twist negative
twisted negative
twists negative
tyrannical negative
tyrannically negative
tyranny negative
tyrant negative
ugh negative
ugliness negative
ugly negative
ulterior negative
ultimate positive
ultimately positive
ultimatum negative
ultimatums negative
ultra positive
ultra-hardline negative
unabashed positive
unabashedly positive
unable negative
unacceptable negative
unacceptablely negative
unaccustomed negative
unanimous positive
unassailable positive
unattractive negative
unauthentic negative
unavailable negative
unavoidable negative
unavoidably negative
unbearable negative
unbearablely negative
unbelievable negative
unbelievably negative
unbiased positive
unbosom positive
unbound positive
unbroken positive
uncertain negative
uncivil negative
uncivilized negative
unclean negative
unclear negative
uncollectible negative
uncomfortable negative
uncommon positive
uncommonly positive
uncompetitive negative
uncompromising negative
uncompromisingly negative
unconcerned positive
unconditional positive
unconfirmed negative
unconstitutional negative
uncontrolled negative
unconventional positive
unconvincing negative
unconvincingly negative
uncouth negative
undaunted positive
undecided negative
undefined negative
undependability negative
undependable negative
underdog negative
underestimate negative
underlings negative
undermine negative
underpaid negative
understand positive
understandable positive
understanding positive
understate positive
understated positive
understatedly positive
understood positive
undesirable negative
undetermined negative
undid negative
undignified negative
undisputable positive
undisputably positive
undisputed positive
undo negative
undocumented negative
undone negative
undoubted positive
undoubtedly positive
undue negative
unease negative
uneasily negative
uneasiness negative
uneasy negative
uneconomical negative
unencumbered positive
unequal negative
unequivocal positive
unequivocally positive
unethical negative
uneven negative
uneventful negative
unexpected negative
unexpectedly negative
unexplained negative
unfair negative
unfairly negative
unfaithful negative
unfaithfully negative
unfamiliar negative
unfavorable negative
unfazed positive
unfeeling negative
unfettered positive
unfinished negative
unfit negative
unforeseen negative
unforgettable positive
unfortunate negative
unfortunately negative
unfounded negative
unfriendly negative
unfulfilled negative
unfunded negative
ungovernable negative
ungrateful negative
unhappily negative
unhappiness negative
unhappy negative
unhealthy negative
uniform positive
uniformly positive
unilateralism negative
unimaginable negative
unimaginably negative
unimportant negative
uninformed negative
uninsured negative
unipolar negative
unique positive
unity positive
universal positive
unjust negative
unjustifiable negative
unjustifiably negative
unjustified negative
unjustly negative
unkind negative
unkindly negative
unlamentable negative
unlamentably negative
unlawful negative
unlawfully negative
unlawfulness negative
unleash negative
unlicensed negative
unlikely negative
unlimited positive
unlucky negative
unmoved negative
unnatural negative
unnaturally negative
unnecessary negative
unneeded negative
unnerve negative
unnerved negative
unnerving negative
unnervingly negative
unnoticed negative
unobserved negative
unorthodox negative
unorthodoxy negative
unparalleled positive
unpleasant negative
unpleasantries negative
unpopular negative
unprecedent negative
unprecedented negative
unpredictable negative
unprepared negative
unpretentious positive
unproductive negative
unprofitable negative
unqualified negative
unquestionable positive
unquestionably positive
unravel negative
unraveled negative
unrealistic negative
unreasonable negative
unreasonably negative
unrelenting negative
unrelentingly negative
unreliability negative
unreliable negative
unresolved negative
unrest negative
unrestricted positive
unruly negative
unsafe negative
unsatisfactory negative
unsavory negative
unscathed positive
unscrupulous negative
unscrupulously negative
unseemly negative
unselfish positive
unsettle negative
unsettled negative
unsettling negative
unsettlingly negative
unskilled negative
unsophisticated negative
unsound negative
unspeakable negative
unspeakablely negative
unspecified negative
unstable negative
unsteadily negative
unsteadiness negative
unsteady negative
unsuccessful negative
unsuccessfully negative
unsupported negative
unsure negative
unsuspecting negative
unsustainable negative
untenable negative
untested negative
unthinkable negative
unthinkably negative
untimely negative
untouched positive
untrained positive
untrue negative
untrustworthy negative
untruthful negative
unusual negative
unusually negative
unwanted negative
unwarranted negative
unwelcome negative
unwieldy negative
unwilling negative
unwillingly negative
unwillingness negative
unwise negative
unwisely negative
unworkable negative
unworthy negative
unyielding negative
upbeat positive
upbraid negative
upfront positive
upgrade positive
upheaval negative
upheld positive
uphold positive
uplift positive
uplifting positive
upliftingly positive
upliftment positive
upright positive
uprising negative
uproar negative
uproarious negative
uproariously negative
uproarous negative
uproarously negative
uproot negative
upscale positive
upset negative
upsetting negative
upsettingly negative
upside positive
upward positive
urge positive
urgency negative
urgent negative
urgently negative
usable positive
useful positive
usefulness positive
useless negative
usurp negative
usurper negative
utilitarian positive
utmost positive
utter negative
utterly negative
uttermost positive
vagrant negative
vague negative
vagueness negative
vain negative
vainly negative
valiant positive
valiantly positive
valid positive
validity positive
valor positive
valuable positive
value positive
values positive
vanish negative
vanity negative
vanquish positive
vast positive
vastly positive
vastness positive
vehement negative
vehemently negative
venerable positive
venerably positive
venerate positive
vengeance negative
vengeful negative
vengefully negative
vengefulness negative
venom negative
venomous negative
venomously negative
vent negative
verifiable positive
veritable positive
versatile positive
versatility positive
vestiges negative
veto negative
vex negative
vexation negative
vexing negative
vexingly negative
viability positive
viable positive
vibrant positive
vibrantly positive
vice negative
vicious negative
viciously negative
viciousness negative
victimize negative
victorious positive
victory positive
vie negative
vigilance positive
vigilant positive
vigorous positive
vigorously positive
vile negative
vileness negative
vilify negative
villainous negative
villainously negative
villains negative
villian negative
villianous negative
villianously negative
villify negative
vindicate positive
vindictive negative
vindictively negative
vindictiveness negative
vintage positive
violate negative
violation negative
violator negative
violent negative
violently negative
viper negative
virtue positive
virtuous positive
virtuously positive
virulence negative
virulent negative
virulently negative
virus negative
visionary positive
vital positive
vitality positive
vivacious positive
vivid positive
vocally negative
vociferous negative
vociferously negative
void negative
volatile negative
volatility negative
voluntarily positive
voluntary positive
vomit negative
vouch positive
vouchsafe positive
vow positive
vulgar negative
vulnerable positive
wail negative
wallow negative
wane negative
waning negative
want positive
wanton negative
war negative
war-like negative
warfare negative
warily negative
wariness negative
warlike negative
warm positive
warmhearted positive
warmly positive
warmth positive
warning negative
warp negative
warped negative
wary negative
waste negative
wasteful negative
wastefulness negative
watchdog negative
wayward negative
weak negative
weaken negative
weakening negative
weakness negative
weaknesses negative
wealthy positive
weariness negative
wearisome negative
weary negative
wedge negative
wee negative
weed negative
weep negative
weird negative
weirdly negative
welcome positive
welfare positive
well positive
well-being positive
well-connected positive
well-educated positive
well-established positive
well-informed positive
well-intentioned positive
well-managed positive
well-positioned positive
well-publicized positive
well-received positive
well-regarded positive
well-run positive
well-wishers positive
wellbeing positive
whatever negative
wheedle negative
whimper negative
whimsical positive
whine negative
whips negative
white positive
wholeheartedly positive
wholesome positive
wicked negative
wickedly negative
wickedness negative
wide positive
wide-open positive
wide-ranging positive
widespread negative
wild negative
wildly negative
wiles negative
will positive
willful positive
willfully positive
willing positive
willingness positive
wilt negative
wily negative
wince negative
wink positive
winnable positive
winners positive
wisdom positive
wise positive
wisely positive
wish positive
wishes positive
wishing positive
withheld negative
withhold negative
witty positive
woe negative
woebegone negative
woeful negative
woefully negative
wonder positive
wonderful positive
wonderfully positive
wonderous positive
wonderously positive
wondrous positive
woo positive
workable positive
world-famous positive
worn negative
worried negative
worriedly negative
worrier negative
worries negative
worrisome negative
worry negative
worrying negative
worryingly negative
worse negative
worsen negative
worsening negative
worship positive
worst negative
worth positive
worth-while positive
worthiness positive
worthless negative
worthlessly negative
worthlessness negative
worthwhile positive
worthy positive
wound negative
wounds negative
wow positive
wrangle negative
wrath negative
wreck negative
wrest negative
wrestle negative
wretch negative
wretched negative
wretchedly negative
wretchedness negative
writhe negative
wrong negative
wrongful negative
wrongly negative
wrought negative
wry positive
yawn negative
yearn positive
yearning positive
yearningly positive
yelp negative
yep positive
yes positive
youthful positive
zeal positive
zealot negative
zealous negative
zealously negative
zenith positive
zest positive
